FEATURES & BENEFITS
Stretching is the third leg of the fitness stool alongside cardio and strength. Stretching provides a multitude of well-known benefits from pre-exercise warm-up, better and safer training technique, improved athletic performance to injury prevention and back-pain relief. Even though we all know how important it is, many of us neglect to stretch; perhaps because it takes too
long, is too difficult or we don’t know how to do it correctly.
The TotalStretchTM TS200 revolutionizes stretching by allowing users to safely and effectively perform a comprehensive set of stretches all in one place. Seated or standing. From the front or back. A superior stretching experience all on one machine!

ErgoStretchTM HANDLEBAR SYSTEM
Featured Stretch: 1. Low Back
Provides multiple grips to target different muscles for users of all sizes. Places the foot in a biomechanically correct 90 degree angle to ensure an effective hamstring stretch. Ensures correct foot position and stability for numerous standing stretches.


 
ErgoStretch HANDLEBAR SYSTEM
Featured Stretch: 1. Low Back
Provides multiple grips to target different muscles for users of all sizes. Places the foot in a biomechanically correct 90 degree angle to ensure an effective hamstring stretch. Ensures correct foot position and stability for numerous standing stretches.
   
Featured Stretch: 6. Calf - Gastroc
Places user in correct position for more effective lower leg stretches. Allows users of all sizes to perform standing stretches from a stabilized position.
ErgoStretchTM PLATFORM
 
ErgoStretchTM ROLLERS
Featured Stretch: 10. Hips/ Quadriceps
Provides comfortable and effective leg stabilization for both seated & standing stretches.
   
Featured Stretch: 2. Gluteus
Provides comfort and stability for correct positioning in seated stretches.
SEAT / LEG PAD
 


DIMENSIONS:
59” L x 29 ” W x 40 ” H
(150cm L x 74 cm W x 101cm H)
PRODUCT INFO

WEIGHT:  
88 Lbs  ( 40Kg  )

FRAME COLOR:
Silver

UPHOLSTERY COLOR: 
Black

WARRANTY:
5 Years Frame
1 Year Parts
90 days on Wear Items


 
 PLACARD
Featured Stretch: 8. Lats - Back
Instructs the user through a comprehensive 10-stretch total body circuit.
 
 
 


F
   